hi I'm Natasha and today we're going to
be poaching eggs to make eggs benedict
we're going to do that using the castle
on egg poacher this makes poaching eggs
beautiful and very easy to do you'll
notice that each Cup has perforated
insides you can do one egg or you can do
all six like we're going to do today I
have each of my eggs in a ramekin and
I'm just gonna gently slide each egg
into its cup the reason you want to keep
each egg separate is just in case you
get any shells you're not going to hurt
the egg and it allows you to discard any
eggs if you break the yolk I have about
an inch and a half of water underneath
at a nice steady simmer with some
vinegar and some salt
once all the eggs are in you're going to
cover it with this lid this looks
perfect because it's glass and you can
watch the eggs poach it's gonna take
about three to four minutes our eggs are
ready so let's remove them from the pan
since we did six eggs we're gonna use
this Center handle and just lift all of
them out at once to make it much easier
if you've done individual ones you can
even lift them out by this handle on the
side of each Cup now we're ready to put
our eggs benedict together we're gonna
start with a piece of sourdough toast
and we're gonna spread on some of our
green onion compound butter once this is
on we're gonna use ham today but you
could certainly use smoked salmon or if
you'd like to do a vegetarian one you
could do grilled vegetables or tomato
and avocado now we're just going to
delicately place our beautifully poached
eggs from the cow flop egg poacher and
then we're going to finish with some
hollandaise sauce we're going to drizzle
some on top and then a little bit around
the edge and then let's garnish it with
some green onions
and a sprinkle of paprika our eggs
benedict is done the castle on egg
poacher is easy to use and I know you'll
have great results at home